1. signal.csv in the github folder contains an example of an EKG/ECG signal. A cardiologist has had their team measure a lot of precious data from patients with a rare disease over the last 30 years that could help test your model. However, unfortunately, the signals they have collected look like the ones in newfile.csv (in the github folder) -- i.e very noisy. What do you do now ? Explain your strategy, implement it, and comment on the signals in the two files. (4 points)

ps. The signal is sampled at 360 Hz, lasts for 2 minutes, and has 43200 samples (120 s * 360 Hz).

Code that could help you is available in ecg_assignment.ipynb in the github folder.

2. 	a. A hotel is hosting two conferences at the same time - one of ace used-car salespeople and one of Canadian librarians. Survey data indicates that over 90 % of salespeople are extroverts who dress boldly, while over 90 % of librarians are introverts who dress in an under-stated fashion. You go into the hotel and find that you are sharing the elevator with someone who looks introverted and is dressed very sedately. How confident will/can/should you be in starting a conversation with them assuming they are a librarian ? Why ? (2 points; naturally, only statistical reasons considered)

	b. What is a confidence interval ? Why is it that in the simple z-test based on independent, identically-distributed samples from a Gaussian distribution, p-values below 0.05 (for the null hypothesis that the mean is 0) are associated with 95 % confidence intervals for the sample mean not overlapping zero, and p-vales above 0.05 are associated with 95 % confidence intervals that overlap zero ? Will this always be the case for arbitrary statistical decision scenarios, and why ? (2 points)
	
3. 	a. One of the first applications of the Poisson distribution was to model the distribution of deaths from horse-kicks in the Prussian army. Explain why (and possibly also why not) it might be considered a good model for this scenario (2 points)
	b. Read the abstract of this paper - https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/231027v3. Withot worrying about its scientific merits, and treating it as a valid statistical claim, explain what the abstract says (feel free to read up on the Erlang distribution). Simulate the distribution and examine its dependence on the different parameters (how many are there ?) (2 points)

4. Complete the in-class assignment from class 4 (8 points)
